# Background

Recently, we've seen the release of MacOS Tahoe and the near-simultaneous announcement of 1Password raising annual prices. So, we figured it was time to at least give the Apple Keychain tech a spin. It allows for some baseline, critical functionality like shared repositories, passkey support, etc. 

I've found it also lacks a good chunk of the feature set of 1Password, like custom fields, nonce security question responses, and various other features which can, concievably, mostly be replaced with other chunks of cloud infrasturcture.

# Purpose

The CSV export functionality from 1Password and the import functionality in Apple Passwords together leave a lot of important information behind. Neither does a good job of *warning* you that you're leaving behind key data, and they sure don't make it *easy* to move that information into the new platform (this applies, I assume, kind of across the board, not just with Apple's toolset as destination).

This is a script I threw together to extract (some of) this information from the 1pux (i.e., full) data export generated by the 1Password client.

Currently it looks for the security questions and corresponding answers you've presumably made up to store as Security Questions fields in 1Password. It will also find and extract your recovery codes if you've stored them in the Recovery Code field.

# Use

To get the data file, go to 1Password and select File -> Export -> [Your Vault], then select 1PUX for the output. Then use the following command:

`python main.py [YOUR_1PUX_FILE]`

There currently are no command line options. 

This script will unzip the JSON data in the file you give it (*.1pux files are just a zip archive), comb through the JSON data, and spit the results back at you via stdout.

Please note that as written, this code will **explicitly ignore archived entries**.

# Suggestions

There are probably things I've forgotten that would be handy for all of us. Holler if there's something worth digging into!
